[PC-1274] Full stops in descriptions plus grammar improvements and typos fixes (#1067)
arduino/docs-content: content/software/plc-ide/tutorials/plc-programming-introduction/content.md

To assign a program to a task, you can easily drag and drop your program to the task.
![Drag and drop a program to task](assets/dragAndDrop_task.png)

By default the `main` program is attached to the `Fast` task, you can remove it by right-clicking and pressing the "remove program" option.

You can also assign a new program by right-clicking the task and pressing `Add program`, then select the program from the list shown in the pop-up window.

If you want to configure the task, right-click on it and press `Task configuration`, you will be able to, for example, change the cycle time of the task.

***The execution order will be from top to bottom, the order shown inside each task.***

### Watch Variables

To check that our program is running and counting correctly, we will use the **watch** feature which allows you to see the value of a variable in real time.

> To do so you need to go to **View**** > Tool** windows > Watch** and you will have a new tool window.

Reviewer: What happened with the asteriskes here?

Author: Fixed, be careful with Grammarly sometimes it mess with *****

<iframe width="100%" height="415" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/0EdATSgIc9o" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Sequential Function Chart

> This language approaches the script in a similar way as a flow-chart so you have blocks that do some work, you check the result of that work, and afterwards you keep flowing with the choices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This language approaches the script in a similar way as a flowchart, meaning you have blocks that do some work, you check the result of that work, and afterward you keep flowing with the choices.
```
